1. [SCNAction](../SCNAction_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNAction) An <code class="code-voice">SCNAction</code> object is an action that is executed by a node (<code class="code-voice">SCNNode</code>).
1. [SCNAnimationEvent](../SCNAnimationEvent_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNAnimationEvent) You attach an <code class="code-voice">SCNAnimationEvent</code> object to an animation to execute a block at a specific time when the animation plays.
1. [SCNConstraint](../SCNConstraint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNConstraint) A constraint automatically adjusts the transformation (position, rotation, and scale) of a node based on rules you define.
1. [SCNIKConstraint](../SCNIKConstraint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNIKConstraint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNIKConstraint</code> object automatically adjusts the orientations of one or more nodes in a specified hierarchy, applying inverse kinematics to make the chain reach toward a target point.
1. [SCNLookAtConstraint](../SCNLookAtConstraint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNLookAtConstraint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNLookAtConstraint</code> object automatically adjusts a node’s orientation so that it always points toward another node.
1. [SCNTransformConstraint](../SCNTransformConstraint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNTransformConstraint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNTransformConstraint</code> object runs a block that you specify to compute a new transformation (position, rotation, and scale) for each node affected by the constraint.
1. [SCNHitTestResult](../SCNHitTestResult_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNHitTestResult) Hit-testing is the process of finding elements of a scene located at a specified point, or along a specified line segment (or ray).
1. [SCNLevelOfDetail](../SCNLevelOfDetail_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNLevelOfDetail) Use <code class="code-voice">SCNLevelOfDetail</code> objects to enable automatic substitution of alternate levels of detail for a geometry.
1. [SCNMorpher](../SCNMorpher_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNMorpher) An <code class="code-voice">SCNMorpher</code> object deforms the surface of a node’s geometry, smoothly transitioning between a base geometry and one or more target geometries.
1. [SCNParticlePropertyController](../SCNParticlePropertyController_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNParticlePropertyController) An <code class="code-voice">SCNParticlePropertyController</code> object uses Core Animation semantics to animate a property of the particles rendered by an <code class="code-voice">SCNParticleSystem</code> object.
1. [SCNParticleSystem](../SCNParticleSystem_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNParticleSystem) An <code class="code-voice">SCNParticleSystem</code> object automatically creates, animates, and renders a system of particles—small image sprites—according to a high-level simulation whose general behavior you specify.
1. [SCNRenderer](../SCNRenderer_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNRenderer) An <code class="code-voice">SCNRenderer</code> object renders a SceneKit scene into an arbitrary OpenGL context.
1. [SCNTechnique](../SCNTechnique_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNTechnique) An <code class="code-voice">SCNTechnique</code> object describes a rendering technique that uses one or more additional drawing passes, each of which uses a custom OpenGL shader program to augment or postprocess SceneKit’s rendering of the scene.
1. [SCNTransaction](../SCNTransaction_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNTransaction) The <code class="code-voice">SCNTransaction</code> class defines SceneKit’s mechanism for batching scene graph modifications into atomic updates.
