1. [SCNPhysicsBehavior](../SCNPhysicsBehavior/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsBehavior) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsBehavior</code> object defines a high-level behavior for one or more physics bodies, modifying the results of the physics simulation.
1. [SCNPhysicsBallSocketJoint](../SCNPhysicsBallSocketJoint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsBallSocketJoint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsBallSocketJoint</code> is a behavior that connects two physics bodies and allows them to pivot around each other in any direction.
1. [SCNPhysicsHingeJoint](../SCNPhysicsHingeJoint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsHingeJoint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsHingeJoint</code> is a behavior that connects two physics bodies and allows them to pivot around each other on a single axis.
1. [SCNPhysicsSliderJoint](../SCNPhysicsSliderJoint_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsSliderJoint) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsSliderJoint</code> is a behavior that connects two physics bodies and allows them to slide against each other and rotate around their connecting points.
1. [SCNPhysicsVehicle](../SCNPhysicsVehicle_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsVehicle) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsVehicle</code> object modifies SceneKit’s simulation of a physics body so that it behaves like a car, motorcycle, or other wheeled vehicle.
1. [SCNPhysicsBody](../SCNPhysicsBody_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsBody) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsBody</code> object is used to add physics simulation to a node.
1. [SCNPhysicsContact](../SCNPhysicsContact_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsContact) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsContact</code> object describes a contact between two physics bodies in your scene’s physics simulation.
1. [SCNPhysicsField](../SCNPhysicsField_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsField) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsField</code> object applies forces to objects in an area of effect within a scene.
1. [SCNPhysicsShape](../SCNPhysicsShape_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsShape) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsShape</code> object simulates the solid volume associated with an <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsBody</code> object for use in collision detection.
1. [SCNPhysicsVehicleWheel](../SCNPhysicsVehicleWheel_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsVehicleWheel) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsVehicleWheel</code> object defines the appearance and physical characteristics of an individual wheel associated with an <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsVehicle</code> behavior.
1. [SCNPhysicsWorld](../SCNPhysicsWorld_Class/index.html#//apple_ref/occ/cl/SCNPhysicsWorld) An <code class="code-voice">SCNPhysicsWorld</code> object simulates collisions and other physical properties in a scene.
